Welcome to daxas her
have me already a few times
I should also please
make a purchase advice for electrical I
I've never had a big boy either
entry-level model for the herd ette forums
fortunately for 150 euros
what about brushless electro
what i recommend for beginners was
I asked several times already
So unfortunately I can not give you a model
recommend that is as cheap as
the metro will texts 150 euro 450 euro
unfortunately you do not get any reasonable
clever brushless car I say now
of course you can of course
any 99 euros the variant of
but bring some small 1 counter
Here we tend to be
but in the quality level and also
always just he so often
Kindergarden level I say now
honestly
so in a nutshell what I recommend
you guys know exactly that me
personally very impressed by traxis
I'm easy with the models
Damn good experiences made so
That's why I actually recommend you
recommend different models on the one hand
I like you as a great allround model
practical test
No matter if the four-wheel or 2d
Variation what you like better that
what fits you better from the budget if
her then still money invested in the
Platinum execution is all your business
in any case
the car is good I recommend the
but is already so far around the 350
euro and there are still no
careless with another recommendation if
you are not so short on costume now
where your years could be hello people
You know you can do the conversion
a backslash buggy you can do that without
problem with the beagle body
Equip so does not have to
short funds so do not care so much
you like the body that you can
always change
so if you still do not go to the
/ is then the rustler too
very good car or something
super horny car is the little 1 too
16 euros
of practice and the war with one
little luck and a little patience
Also needed for about 150
euro in the industry variant so me
even have two of them and have for both
150 euros approximately paid in the industry
Variations on a free order with
2.4 gigahertz remote control and such
further used on ebay therefore also
ever the wink with the fence post
maybe something used
Buy as double the pay for new
Of course you can always be unlucky with
we needed somehow on the nose
fall
but even if something is broken
should be and you that a part then
need to buy a replacement time you are
probably still cheaper than
with the original price is at least the
consideration so / renault and also the
Great variant this very expensive or too
rustler are really cool cars from
tracks for beginners and I'll tell you
you even need 150 200 250
the euro are all around the 300 350
why tracks it yes i have a big one
I've done all that tracks
That's why I repeat that now
not again everything I've liked to
times so very short stichworte super
supply of spare parts
June parts without end compatibility of
Models waterproof with each other
fast good performance
Everything fits and robustly stable
does not break
and if I want to know more
looks rex review says again and
then you know why I do that
recommend so if you have more money off and
it does not matter to you and the money
you do not necessarily track it now
wanted to because
that's too much plastic for me, which always
again, but that does not happen
it must be bad
also disadvantages of ago but if you
So now no fans of practice part and
I do not want to be right what can I do
I recommend you to others
still recommend as a very very good car
the hp away and i can help you too
We recommend that you have the right money and a lot
wanted to spend first class 1 to 8 a
have buddy then have a look
times the hpi forsa flachs
But we are already in there
Price ranges from 7 to 800 euro what
Of course, one to eight right
a lot of money is for that sounds yes
almost 15 abba or so but when it
because a delicate one was the finest
should be then look at the ford
flex on the power has no end
he goes off with 6 1 as schmidts cat
he fly his speed there
your shoes away but that costs too
right there we are in completely different
Price classes has at the
entry-level model for those not with 150
euro na so as a beginner for model
now spend somehow 7 800 euro if
that really makes sense if you
any student page or students
that probably does not make sense
if you do not care about the money
great then you roll the service or
the ford flex comes to you
a little bit on the money
Still get something reasonable
not the rhyme o2 or any
but saving a bit saves
another two months longer looks use
on ebay and get yourself traxis revo 116
get a sad 2wd there you are
good with served so much for my tip
which model i use for industries
beginners recommend professionals servus
the
Yes